Include dependencies for monitoring Azure in an agent (#5644)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/azure/activity-services/prerequisites/index.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2015, Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::
  :description: Learn what you need to install and configure the Wazuh module to monitor Azure activity and services in this section of the Wazuh documentation.

.. _azure_prerequisites:

Prerequisites
=============

> This module requires dependencies as well as the right credentials to access the services.

Reviewer: Install the dependencies required by this module and set the credentials to access the service. Check the `Considerations for configuration` section to learn more about configuring multiple services.

> This module requires dependencies as well as the right credentials to access the services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the dependencies required by this module and set the credentials to access the service. Check the `Considerations for configuration` section to learn more about configuring multiple services. 
```
